---
title: "Long Backstory"
date: 2026-01-10
category: "archive"
tags: ["narrative", "backstory"]
---

So many people have heard me talk about going to prison and, you know, most people probably think stabbings and stuff like that, but that was not my experience. When I went in, I was a high school dropout. I didn't have my GED, so I was forced to go to the GED platform. And the teacher initially said, well, let's run some, let's test you out and see what happens. And so I took the math test, the pre-test, and I missed one. I was like, how the fuck is that possible? Because I told my math, I was in remedial math, and I told the teacher to go F himself all the time. So I was like, how the hell am I missing one? Awesome. And so I took the math test, the GD test, Again, I missed one. And so then it was like, okay, English is my hard subject, the one I thought I would really struggle at. And so I'm just gonna focus on just getting the essay right and things like that. And I just ended up just testing out on all the tests. Boom. Long story short, the teacher asked me to be his tutor because his tutor was leaving. And Most tutors in prison are, they just sit there and basically do nothing, play on the computer, assist the teacher in whatever she needs done. But really, even most teachers are burnt out, and they don't even do anything. They just take roll, make sure everybody's there, and that's about it. They don't really get active. And so, the first time was I mean, it was cool participating, but I didn't really get my groove. It wasn't until the second time that I got to work. I went in for an interview for Tudor Spot, and I was up against guys that were teachers on the streets and things like that, people that were really educated, that could score way better than me on any test. We took the test, and when the teacher was talking to me, I told her, I said, yeah, these guys, I'm sure that they passed, I'm sure that they did way better than me on this test, but they don't speak the guy's language. I do, you know? And she was getting ready to retire. It was her last year, so she was like, you know what? I'm gonna take a chance on you. And so she did. And I ended up being the best tutor that they've ever had. And that's not me saying that, that's them saying that.

So here's the full and complete story. So the year was 2015. I was getting out of prison for my third time. And I was running a recovery gym that was free for anybody that had 24 hours of sobriety. I was making coffee. I hadn't even unlocked the doors yet. And here shows up this lady at the door. So I opened it up. I was super excited about what the stuff we had going on. So I invited her in. I was telling her all about what we had going on and things. We had a hike coming up the weekend. And she hung out with me until everybody else showed up. We did some HIIT, we did some high-intensity interval training. And her and I chatted some more. Her and I just hit it off right away. And come to find out, she was fighting CPS to get her kids back because of some stuff that happened with her ex. So we got her kids back. And the whole time, I'm like, hey, I'm a dirtbag. We should probably tell them about me, things like that. Well, the whole reason why they initially took her kids from her care was because she had not been honest, and she hid the guy's stuff, her ex's, deviant stuff that he was doing. She didn't tell them for like five years. She didn't tell them. And so they felt like they couldn't trust her to tell the truth. And then she didn't heed my advice and she didn't tell them about me, which made their concern even greater. And the whole time I was like, we should tell them, we should tell them, we should tell them. And her mom was like, no, no, no, no, no. Anyways, so she didn't heed my advice. And when they found out, they were like tripping, right? Not only that, but then her daughter came back from visit one day and her ex was not allowed to be around kids at all. Even his own kids, he had to be supervised. And her daughter came back and said, Dad, I need to take a swimsuit to visit. And I was like, wait, why? And she's like, oh, Dad and I are going to have a water balloon fight with the other kids. And I was like, wait, the other kids? What the fuck? She's like, oh, I don't know who they are. They're just kids that live in the neighborhood. So I was like, oh, fuck no.

You see, what happened was, people thought they were gonna break me. Which, in part they did, yeah. In part, they did very much break me, yeah. But, through the ashes, I transformed. They created a fuckin' juggernaut. I've learned to survive on basically nothing. I can live off garbage can food if I have to. Not only that, but emotionally. I am emotionally resilient, emotional juggernaut. Self-control is my strong suit. People, I had some people actually, so I fell asleep around some people, which I don't normally do. And I woke up and my SIM card was out of my phone, which is odd, right? But most people would lose it, right? But I thought, what good is it going to do? flipping out. It's not going to accomplish anything. And not only that, but that sim card is so small. I'll never, even if I passworded everyone, I wouldn't probably never find it. Yeah. Cause it's so small. So I thought, you know what? Causing a scene ain't going to do nothing except make me look like an idiot. And so I just said, well, you know what? The one person that was there that happened to I told that person, I said, hey, it's not a big deal, but here's the situation, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And the only reason I tell you that is because I want you to know that I'm going to be messaging you from a new number that you don't know. So just be aware that you're getting a message from me just from a new number, and that's why. And then that person was upset because I wasn't upset. And talking about, like, it's suspect. It's suspect that I wasn't upset. It's like, it's suspect because I'm not ruled by my emotions like everybody else. Like, you know? But it's many situations like that where people will find anything and everything to… If they're out to make you look like the bad guy, they will turn anything and everything, even when you do the right thing, even when you make the right choice, they'll still turn that around on you. Like I had a lady a while back, her and I were cool, we were chillin.

So my goal here is to have this available in case it's ever needed at a later date. Two years ago, my wife went missing. She was very abrasive, and she was very outspoken. And she pissed a lot of people off, more than I do. It surprised me. I was focused on putting out fires as she was starting them. But I remember one particular time when she called this black guy the N-word. And he went ballistic. He was like, you're going to get yours. You're going to get yours, lady. A few months down the road, and my trailers broke down. And we're in some grassy area, I'm fixing it. And some random guy comes up, says, hey, you want to smoke? So we're like, sure, yeah, why not? Hell yeah. I mean, everything's kind of fucked up right now, I'm sure. So I was having a hard time getting my trailer going. So I told my wife, go ahead. You know the program to stay in view. What's up, you guys? What's up? And so she went up a little ways, took a couple pulls up the guy's pipe. And she comes back like being totally Psycho being completely psycho And she Is like telling me that this guy wants to have sex for money That's one thing that I told you that was our that was our red line trade anything for sex. What's the no? Because if it's the line about there, then where is it? And so She literally got down on her hands and knees and begged me to let her go be a whore. Multiple times, like over and over and over again. So then, just randomly, this big native guy was like, shut the hell up, because she was screaming at me. He's like, shut the hell up, crackhead, you know? And so he hit her, knocked her on the ground, kicked her in the head. And then he left and I got a police officer to come by. He called an ambulance and took her to the hospital because of COVID I couldn't go with. So I went to our meet-up location. And day one rolled around, day two. And I realized she wasn't coming. I waited for a week, still nothing. I tried to find her, nobody knew anything. No hospital didn't know anything.
